
polheg, living Worthing from Derry., United Kingdom, 10 months ago
A lot of stuff sold can be called over priced tat. Apple is not tat, but it is very much overpriced. Bit like Parker and Papermate pens, or Dyson and Vax. Both as good as each other, but one is for show as much as functionality ...
00Click to rate

CL09, Bath, 10 months ago
It's best feature is that is does not come with a compulsory download of U2 tunes
15Click to rate

cynic12, london, United Kingdom, 10 months ago
Apple,apple,apple,apple,apple,apple,apple, apple,apple.....and on....and on...and on.....
04Click to rate

Come back Moyes, London, United Kingdom, 10 months ago
Order an Uber from your over priced watch......and pay surge prices for a car whos driver only knows his sat nav. Was charged £52 on Sat for a 6 mile journey. Uber another USA rip off outfit.
24Click to rate

Airforce1, Brighton, 10 months ago
Never mind the watch, Christy is lovely.
213Click to rate

ColoradoBrit, Denver, United States, 10 months ago
I love Apple products, and the Apple watch is not just beautiful, but the next step in technology and wearable devices. I do wonder though who it will sell with the younger types. Watches are not as popular with them, especially high priced ones. I also think Apple made a huge mistake by not selling it through the Carrier channel. Most people get their iPhones & iPads through their carriers because of the heavily subsidized price or the ability to buy the device outright, interest free over 12 or 24 months. The mid-range Apple Watch is just priced too high for cash buyers, especially if you have to also upgrade to iPhone 6.
51Click to rate

averagejoe87, London, United Kingdom, 10 months ago
Sick to death of DM posting US tech news as if it's relevant in the UK. It's not. How many UK hotels will this work in? How many UK stores accept Apple Pay? Oh right, none. Thanks for informing me.
17Click to rate

Jim, Omaha, 10 months ago
It's useless without an iPhone.
38Click to rate

Paul, Ware, 10 months ago
Is it hands free in your car?
14Click to rate

Jon Marx, Warwick, United Kingdom, 10 months ago
"Thing of beauty"? It's just a rectangular slab with a strap, and I'm certain if any other company had designed it then it would barely raise an eyebrow. Why are reporters so besotted with Apple products?
210Click to rate
